[DOP-25646] add sql-query to operation response (#218)
MobileTeleSystems/data-rentgen: docs/changelog/next_release/218.feature.rst

> Add sql-query to operation response (for example in `/v1/operations`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `sql_query` field to OperationResponseV1 (for example in `/v1/operations`).
```
